{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green160\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
{\*\background {\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft0\shptop0\shpright0\shpbottom0\shpfhdr0\shpbxmargin\shpbymargin\shpwr0\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt1\shpz0\shplid1025{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fillColor}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn lineWidth}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fLine}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn bWMode}{\sv 9}}{\sp{\sn fBackground}{\sv 1}}}}}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 === Intro_Dante_Step_1 === \
You awaken in a bed in a strange room. A odd assortment of trinkets and tapestries adorn the walls and floor. A man is lying in a bed next to yours. He turns to you and smiles.\
* [Hello?]\
	You: Uh ... hello?\
	???: Hello, my name is Dante.\
* [Who the hell are you?]\
	You: Who the hell are you?\
	???: My name is Dante. \
- You: Where am I, Dante?\
Dante: You are in my home. I had my bodyguards seek you out.\
-> Intro_Dante_Step_2\
\
=== Intro_Dante_Step_2 ===\
* [Bodyguards?]\
	You: Bodyguards?\
	Dante: Yes, bodyguards. They are stationed outside.\
	-> Intro_Dante_Step_2\
* [How did you know to find me?]\
You: How did you know to find me? I've never met you before.\
Dante: I sensed a great power surge due east of here.\
You: Right ...\
	-> Intro_Dante_Step_2\
\
* [] ->\
- So what happened? All I remember is talking to some guards outside ...\
VAR CorrectResponse = false\
* [Zion]\
	... Zion?\
	~ CorrectResponse = true\
* [Zooblyboop]\
	... Zooblyboop?\
\
	~ CorrectResponse = false\
* [Zipford]\
	... Zipford?\
	~ CorrectResponse = false\
* [Zonkos]\
	... Zonkos?\
	~ CorrectResponse = false\
- \{ \
	- CorrectResponse: \
	Dante: Ah yes, Zion.\
	- else:\
	Dante: I think you might mean Zion?\
	You: Oh yeah, you're right ... Zion.\
  \}\
\
- Dante: I have a small favor to ask of you.\
  You: Okay? What is this favor?\
  Dante: I need you to find a weak spot. This is essentially a thin strip in the fabric of the universe.\
  You: Right ...\
  Dante: Is this all making sense?\
  	* [No]\
  	You: Not really ... but continue ...\
  	Dante: Fair enough, my friend. It will come in time.\
  	You: Right, sure it will.\
  	* [Hell no]\
	You: Not at all.\
	Dante: You will understand eventually.\
	You: Right, sure I will.\
\
- Dante: So you need to find this weak spot and open a portal to another dimension ...\
  You: Right, let me just stop you right there, because -\
  Dante: Please listen. I need you to open this portal and send in my bodyguards to kill a criminal. He has a ring on him; a very powerful ring, a very dangerous ring. I need for them to kill him and return this ring to me so that I may protect it.\
  You: In that case, why not just send them? Why do you need my help?\
  Dante: To open the portal. Neither of my guards has the strength to do so, but you ... there is a aura about you - something I can't quite put my finger on. \
->END}